the Israeli military has denied
targeting journalists working for media
organizations based in Gaza that follows
an investigation by the UK's Guardian
newspaper that says some members appear
to have been considered journalists
working for media Outlets controlled or
affiliated with Hamas as legitimate
military targets It quotes a senior
Israeli spokesperson stating the Army
does not distinguish between working for
the media outlet and belonging to
hamas's Armed Wing the Israeli military
denies the allegations the committee to
protect journalist says at least 103
Palestinian journalists and media
workers have been killed since Israel's
War Began nearly 30% worked for Outlets
linked to Hamas journalists working in
Conflict areas are protected under
International humanitarian law well
let's bring in hamda Salud for more on
this hamda is joining us live from Aman
Jordan because Israel government has
banned Al jazer from reporting from
there Walkers through the investigation
first hamai the comments and backtrack
of the Israeli
military well this all began when the
guardian began investigating essentially
a gray area that the Israeli military
has when targeting Palestinian
journalists in the Gaza Strip working
for Outlets that are based there now it
came after a senior person who was a
spokesperson for the Israeli military
said essentially there is no difference
between working for a media outlet that
is affiliated with Hamas
and being a fighter in the alasam
brigades meaning that he went on to
elaborate that there is no
differentiation for the Israeli military
between hamas's polit political and
Military Wing now this then prompted the
Israeli military to release a correction
and a retraction saying that these are
not the official standards of the
Israeli military and they do not Target
civilian objects but it is worth
mentioning that the reality on the
ground has shown a much different story
as part of this investigation it found
that at least 23 members of the AL AA
media network based in Gaza were killed
now the Israeli military as part of
their statement gave the guardian a list
of six journalists that had been killed
and said they were quote members of
Hamas without providing any sort of
information or intelligence saying that
this was based on their findings but not
providing that proof this is a pattern
we've seen from the Israeli military
accusing journalists of being fighters
in Palestinian organizations but without
providing any sort of proof or evidence
to those claims right and Israel's Army
has maintained their position hamda from
the beginning of the war that they do
not intentionally Target journalists but
more than 150 journalists and media
workers have been killed in the conflict
so far what is their justification for
this 152 journalists and media workers
have been killed since the beginning of
this conflict it is the deadliest
conflict to four journalists in in
history and the Israeli military has
never once given an admission of an
unlawful killing of a Palestinian
civilian or even a journalist they
maintain that they go after Hamas
targets Hamas sites but when they are on
the ground targeting these densely
populated areas journalists included now
some legal experts say that perhaps this
is part of Israel's strategy to remove
the Palestinian journalists who are
there to not bring us the stories on the
ground that we see every day as we know
foreign journalists are not allowed into
the Gaza Strip unless it is through
Israeli Army imeds where they control
what the media sees they're not allowed
to go on their own into Gaza so this is
something that is still of the
conversation but the Israeli Army
maintains that they are not targeting
journalists but again this is the
deadliest Conflict for journalists
indeed H thank you very much that's
hamda salut live there in a man Jordan
because again the Israeli government has
banned Al jaaz from operating in
Israel make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer